# v5.23.0 (Minor Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-start -->
**Status**: Released
<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-end -->

<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-start -->
This is a new minor release of the `@alextheman/utility` package. It introduces new features and other backwards-compatible changes that should require little to no refactoring. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-end -->

## Description of Changes

<!-- user-editable-section-start -->
- Add `pickProperties`
  - This is a nice complement to `omitProperties` that does the opposite thing.
  - That is, instead of specifying which keys you want to omit, you instead specify keys you wish to keep, and that's what gets included in the output object.
  - Just like `omitProperties`, it's nice for in-line object spreading and prevents the need to first create a new object with only the picked properties before spreading,

## Additional Notes

- The main inspiration for this was because I once just spreaded an entire object into a component's props, but that object implicitly had a property with the same key as one of the component's props, and so it silently overrode the component's default behaviour and caught me off.
- With this, however, it allows us to be a little more explicit in exactly what subset of the object we want, which should decrease the chances of something like this happening.
- Object/array spreading is a very powerful tool and I use it all the time. However, it can also sometimes be a bit fiddly in cases where you're spreading but a property already exists.
- Of course, I'm not saying don't spread at all - a lot of my own wrappers would not exist if not for object spreading. But I guess, what I am saying is, you do need to know exactly what each object contains and if there may potentially be any overlap to avoid issues like that.
<!-- user-editable-section-end -->
