# v5.21.0 (Minor Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-start -->
**Status**: Released
<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-end -->

<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-start -->
This is a new minor release of the `@alextheman/utility` package. It introduces new features and other backwards-compatible changes that should require little to no refactoring. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-end -->

## Description of Changes

<!-- user-editable-section-start -->
- Add an `identity` function to return the value itself.
  - This is something that is expected to be used fairly commonly with the next feature.
- Add a `sortBy` function to be used alongside `Array.prototype.sort()` or `Array.prototype.toSorted()`.
  - This provides a clearer and more explicit way to sort arrays by allowing the sort direction (`asc` or `desc`) to be specified directly.
  - It can be used to sort arrays of strings, numbers, dates, or objects via a selector function.
  - This is also the main justification for the `identity` function, so that in case you want to sort by the array value itself, you can just do `sortBy(identity, "asc")`.
  - To select an object property, you would just access said property in the selector. For example:

    ```typescript
    items.toSorted(
        sortBy((item) => {
            return item.sortKey
        }, "desc")
    )
    ```

  - The item type will also be correctly inferred by TypeScript when used directly inside `.sort()` or `.toSorted()`.

## Additional Notes

- Yeah, I can't be the only one that finds the `.sort()` logic a bit clunky and confusing at times, right?
- It always takes me a bit of time to remember whether we're supposed to subtract the second from the first, or the other way around.
- This new helper definitely feel a lot clearer to me, as the sort direction is now explicitly declared rather than implicitly decided through some weird subtraction logic.
<!-- user-editable-section-end -->
