# v5.4.0 (Minor Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-start-release-status -->
**Status**: In progress
<!-- alex-c-line-end-release-status -->

<!-- alex-c-line-start-release-summary -->
This is a new minor release of the `@alextheman/utility` package. It introduces new features in a backwards-compatible way and should require very little refactoring, if any. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-end-release-summary -->

## Description of Changes

- Adds a `parseUUID` function
    - This will be especially helpful testing out the `alex-c-line uuid generate` command to verify it gives valid UUIDs.
- Adds `UUID_PATTERN` and `UUID_REGEX`
    - `UUID_PATTERN` is a UUID regex pattern that can be interpolated into other regex strings to filter out UUIDs (e.g. in a parametrised link).
    - `UUID_REGEX` is a stricter check, enforcing that the entire string matches with the UUID pattern.
- Refactors `VERSION_NUMBER_REGEX` and `FILE_PATH_REGEX` to follow the above pattern + regex exports.
    - In general:
        `_PATTERN` is for the regex patterns alone, typed as a string, and can be interpolated into other regexes.
        `_REGEX` is the strict check that matches the full string.

## Additional Notes

- This is not being classified as a major release because the regexes are considered more internal implementation that I export for convenience.
- They are undocumented and rarely get used directly, and I would encourage people to use the appropriate parser/class instead.
- Alternatively, if you really do need the regex, I'd recommend copying it over to your own repositories rather than relying on their state in this package, as the regexes here are more for my own use case and may change accordingly.
- See the migration notes below for the recommended thing to use instead of the direct regex.

## Migration Notes

- For `FILE_PATH_REGEX`, please use `parseFilePath` instead.
- For `UUID_REGEX`, please use `parseUUID` instead.
- For `VERSION_NUMBER_REGEX`, please use the `VersionNumber` class instead.
