# v5.16.0 (Minor Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-start -->
**Status**: In progress
<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-end -->

<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-start -->
This is a new minor release of the `@alextheman/utility` package. It introduces new features and other backwards-compatible changes that should require little to no refactoring. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-end -->

## Description of Changes

<!-- user-editable-section-start -->
### DataError runtime validation improvements

- Enforce that the `data` passed to `DataError` must be a non-null object at runtime.
    - This was previously enforced only at compile-time.
    - Pure JavaScript consumers may be affected if invalid values (e.g. primitives or null) were passed.
    - This change follows from a bigger refactor of the error pattern to have better typing around the error codes and data payloads.

### APIError v6

- Deprecate `APIError` from the root entrypoint.
    - Use `APIError` from `@alextheman/utility/v6` instead.
    - When v6 becomes the default entrypoint, this version will replace the root version.
- The new `APIError` extends `CodeError`, adding:
    - A status field
    - An optional data payload
- Despite having a data payload, it does not extend `DataError`, as `DataError` requires data to always be present while it is optional in `APIError`.

## Migration Notes

- The `code` argument in the `APIError` constructor is now required.
- However, if you were relying on the fact that you can just pass in a status code and it gets the appropriate error code from that, use `APIError.fromStatus()`. For example:

Old:

```typescript
throw new APIError(404); // code inferred as "NOT_FOUND"
```

New:

```typescript
throw APIError.fromStatus(404); // code inferred as "NOT_FOUND"
```

- Note that the type system will enforce that the status provided in `fromStatus()` must be one supported by our custom type `HTTPErrorCode`. If you require an error code not directly supported, either put up an issue and I'll consider supporting it, and/or use the constructor directly.
<!-- user-editable-section-end -->
