# v4.16.1 (Patch Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-start-release-status -->
**Status**: Released
<!-- alex-c-line-end-release-status -->

<!-- alex-c-line-start-release-summary -->
This is a new patch release of the `@alextheman/utility` package. It fixes issues with the package and should require no refactoring. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-end-release-summary -->

## Description of Changes

- So... turns out the entrypoints test paid off after all!
- Get this, right...
    - I was defining the entrypoints using `main`, `module`, and `types` all this time.
    - While that did work for the most part, when I tried breaking the entrypoints test intentionally by removing the `main` field and removing the CommonJS build, ironically, the CommonJS tests were passing, but the ES Modules and TypeScript tests were not.
    - This is because `main`, `module` and `types` are older properties, whereas `exports` is the modern, explicit way to define package entrypoints (and Node doesn’t even use `module` for runtime resolution).
    - As such, I have switched to defining the entrypoints using `exports`. The tests still pass even after this change, so what could go wrong?

## Additional Notes

- Really, though, that's already a massive win for this test.
- It actually caught a legitimate problem that I can then go and fix. That proves that it is actually useful to have around, especially now that we're controlling exactly when it should run so it doesn't slow down the main tests.
- This is also why I'm now fine with making this a patch release. Were it not for the entrypoints test, I probably wouldn't be as confident in the refactor and would make it a minor in case a misconfiguration breaks consumers.
- However, in this case, we directly verify that the consumed package is still accessible, and if we even pair that with `use-local-package` from `alex-c-line` to try it out in an actual production repository first, then I think by then we'd have all the evidence we need to confirm the refactor won't break things.
