# v5.14.0 (Minor Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-start -->
**Status**: In progress
<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-end -->

<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-start -->
This is a new minor release of the `@alextheman/utility` package. It introduces new features and other backwards-compatible changes that should require little to no refactoring. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-end -->

## Description of Changes

<!-- user-editable-section-start -->
- Introduce an `az` record to store most of our Zod utilities.
    - This helps make our Zod utilities read a little nicer when combined with the usual `z` from Zod.
    - The following methods are available on this record:
        - `az.field()` - Use this to wrap around a given form field to transform the input from a string to a more specific output.
        - `az.fieldNumber()` - Coerce a stringly-typed number in a form field into a number.
        - `az.fieldDate()` - Coerce a stringly-typed Date in a form field into a Date.
        - `az.with(schema).parse(input, error?)` - Replacement for the now deprecated `parseZodSchema(schema, input, error?)`
        - `az.with(schema).parseAsync(input, error?)` - Same as above but for `parseZodSchemaAsync(schema, input, error?)`

## Additional Notes

- Yep, I'm deprecating even more things now!
- Yesterday I deprecated `DataError` from root in favour of `DataError` from v6, and now I'm deprecating a very commonly used function used pretty much everywhere throughout most of my codebases.
- That said, it should be a relatively easy refactor for the most part. I think most of it can be done with this quick Regex:
    `parseZodSchema\((\w+), (\w+))` -> `az.with($1).parse($2)`.
- However, there may still be a few leftover in cases where you pass the schema directly rather than with a variable, and sometimes if the error argument is too long your formatter may split it across multiple lines, and that Regex will not catch that.
- Behaviourally, it should be exactly the same because they're really just wrappers over the `parseZodSchema` and `parseZodSchemaAsync` functions.
- Both of those will be demoted to internal functions that are no longer exported when v6 officially comes out, and the `az.with().parse()` wrapper will be the recommended thing to use instead.
<!-- user-editable-section-end -->
