# v5.11.0 (Minor Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-start -->
**Status**: Released
<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-end -->

<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-start -->
This is a new minor release of the `@alextheman/utility` package. It introduces new features and other backwards-compatible changes that should require little to no refactoring. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-end -->

## Description of Changes

<!-- user-editable-section-start -->
- Remove `encryptWithKey` and uninstall `libsodium-wrappers`
    - The motivation for this can be found in [`alex-c-line` release note v2.6.0](https://github.com/alextheman231/alex-c-line/blob/main/docs/releases/v2/v2.6/v2.6.0.md)

## Additional Notes

- So, turns out my plan to unblock `alex-c-line` first did not quite work because despite my noop override, it does still bring in my utility package which does still use `libsodium-wrappers`, and the version that it uses still blocks CI.
- As such, we do need to release this package first in order to unblock everything else. There is no other way, unfortunately.
- The fix for this feels incredibly wrong, however, and is not something that should ever be done on a normal day.
    - Usually, `commit-version-change` is responsible for changing the version field in `package.json` and setting the release note release status.
    - However, in order to be able to make a release without `alex-c-line` right now, we must do both steps manually for now.
    - Note that this is INCREDIBLY wrong because the whole point of `commit-version-change` is also to verify the repository itself is in a valid state before it does the version change. By setting it manually yourself, you miss out on those extra validations and bypass the safety nets provided there.
    - However, in this case it is an emergency situation and I know my own release process enough to know that the real NPM publish trigger is actually just whether the `package.json` version changed or not.
    - That said, by doing it this way the GitHub release and GitHub Pages release will both fail as a result of `alex-c-line` being down. However I think those are probably less important than actually fixing the breaking behaviour.
- Usually I am against doing manual changes like this, but in the case of an incident that is blocking releases, being able to release is more important than strictly following procedure.
<!-- user-editable-section-end -->
