# v4.14.1 (Patch Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-start-release-status -->
**Status**: Released
<!-- alex-c-line-end-release-status -->

<!-- alex-c-line-start-release-summary -->
This is a new patch release of the `@alextheman/utility` package. It fixes issues with the package and should require no refactoring. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-end-release-summary -->

## Description of Changes

- Refactors the `check()` method on `DataError` and `APIError` to return early if the input is an instance of the error class.
    - This should not only be more efficient, but it should also reduce the chance of false results when we know for sure that the error is truly an instance of the error class.
    - This should not affect any existing results - if it's not an instance of the error class, it falls back to the initial checks. If it is, then it just returns `true` early, but even if it doesn't the initial checks should still pick up on it.

## Additional Notes

- For reference, the reason we have the `check()` method on the error class is because `instanceof` can behave weirdly across boundaries.
- There have been a few times where I throw, say, an `APIError` from the back-end of my application, but then when I catch it from the front-end or even in tests, `instanceof APIError` no longer returns `true`.
- As such, the `check()` methods give a slightly looser check but is guaranteed to work across boundaries like this.
- You can still use `instanceof` if you're completely sure that the error will always be thrown and caught from within the same workspace, and you may even prefer it to ensure that we only treat it as a `DataError` if it truly is an instance of one.
- In my case, however, I tend to just use `check()` everywhere so that we have a single source of truth for `DataError` comparisons. And also because I still have mild trust issues with `instanceof` at times, even within the same codebase and especially when we're already dealing with errors!
