# v4.14.0 (Minor Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-start-release-status -->
**Status**: In progress
<!-- alex-c-line-end-release-status -->

<!-- alex-c-line-start-release-summary -->
This is a new minor release of the `@alextheman/utility` package. It introduces new features in a backwards-compatible way and should require very little refactoring, if any. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-end-release-summary -->

## Description of Changes

- Deprecates `getInterpolations` in favour of `getStringsAndInterpolations`
    - The new name feels clearer to me because it also highlights that it gets the TemplateStringsArray part as well, not just the interpolations.
    - The return of this function has also been improved so that the output of the function can be directly spread into any other tagged template function, rather than you needing to get the strings and interpolations from the tuple manually first before passing each in manually. For example (where `interpolate` is an example tagged template function and may be replaced with any other):

    Before:
    ```typescript
    import { createTemplateStringsArray, getInterpolations, interpolate } from "@alextheman/utility";

    function getPackageInfo(packageName: string, packageManager: string): string {
        const [strings, interpolations] = getInterpolations`The package ${packageName} uses the ${packageManager} package manager.`;
        return interpolate(createTemplateStringsArray(strings), ...interpolations);
    }
    ```

    After:
    ```typescript
    import { getStringsAndInterpolations, interpolate } from "@alextheman/utility";

    function getPackageInfo(packageName: string, packageManager: string): string {
        return interpolate(...getStringsAndInterpolations`The package ${packageName} uses the ${packageManager} package manager.`);
    }
    ```

- Adds an `isTemplateStringsArray` helper that checks if the input is a valid TemplateStringsArray and narrows down the input type if so.
- Gives a better type to the interpolations in all tagged template functions.
    - The interpolations type now comes from the type argument, so you can either provide a type argument yourself or allow it to be inferred from the interpolations themselves.
    - Note that due to the extra complexity of `normaliseIndents` due to its ability to take the options as an argument to return a new function, I have not converted that one to use a type argument just yet. This will be changed in the future, but for now the interpolations of that function is still unknown.

## Migration Notes

- Replace any usage of `getInterpolations` with `getStringsAndInterpolations` as demonstrated above.

## Additional Notes

- I will keep the existing deprecated functions out for one more week from now.
- After that, I will do a new major release clearing up all existing deprecations. This includes:
    - The old versioning helpers (`parseVersion`, `incrementVersion`, `getIndividualVersionNumbers`, and `determineVersionType`) in favour of the `VersionNumber` class.
    - `getPublicAndPrivateKey` in favour of `sodium.crypto_box_keypair` from `libsodium-wrappers`.
    - `getInterpolations` in favour of `getStringsAndInterpolations`.
