# v5.6.0 (Minor Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-start-release-status -->
**Status**: In progress
<!-- alex-c-line-end-release-status -->

<!-- alex-c-line-start-release-summary -->
This is a new minor release of the `@alextheman/utility` package. It introduces new features in a backwards-compatible way and should require very little refactoring, if any. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-end-release-summary -->

## Description of Changes

- Add a strict mode option to `getPackageJsonContents` from the `@alextheman/utility/internal` entrypoint.
    - This allows us to reduce the need to have that null check everywhere, instead replacing it with a strict mode option that, if enabled, will throw the packageJsonNotFoundError.
    - It must be explicitly opted out of using `{ strict: false }`.
- Add a `NullableOnCondition` type to root `@alextheman/utility` entrypoint.
    - It is similar to OptionalOnCondition, except if the condition is not satisfied the type instead gets narrowed to `null` rather than `undefined`.

## Additional Notes

- I think, from now on, we should standardise how we refer to the different entrypoints in utility in release notes so I don't have to keep typing out the long entrypoint names.
- Hence, I declare that, from now on:
    - If an entrypoint is not specified when adding a new feature, consider it to be part of the root entrypoint (`@alextheman/utility`)
    - If I say "Node entrypoint", I am referring to `@alextheman/utility/node`, which is the entrypoint where we export all Node-specific functions
        - These may use the `node:` builtin imports and would not be fit for consumption in a React app, for example, as the browser tends to struggle with this.
    - If I say "Internal entrypoint", I am referring to `@alextheman/utility/internal`, which is the entrypoint for functions that are not meant for public production usage and instead more for shared usage across my organisation, as they may contain organisation-specific checks/logic.
- This is the language I would like to use going forward in release notes.
