# v4.11.0 (Minor Release)

**Status**: Released

<!-- alex-c-line-start-release-summary -->
This is a new minor release of the `@alextheman/utility` package. It introduces new features in a backwards-compatible way and should require very little refactoring, if any. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-end-release-summary -->

## Description of Changes

- Adds a new `getPublicAndPrivateKey` function to wrap around `sodium.crypto_box_keypair` from `libsodium-wrappers`
  - This just recently started breaking due to that method's type signature changing all of a sudden.
  - It's also not fully correct either, because if you give it `"uint8array"` as the outputFormat argument, it still types the keys as `string | Uint8Array`, even though it should really be assumed by that point that we will be getting a `Uint8Array` because... well, that's what we told it to give us!
  - To get around this, I have added my own utility to fix the typings so that we do get proper type narrowing depending on what our chosen outputFormat is. It works exactly the same as the `libsodium-wrappers` function at runtime, except it actually narrows down the type.

## Additional Notes

- If I had a penny for every time I had to fix an issue with an external package with my own implementation in my own package, I'd have two pennies. Which isn't a lot, but it's crazy that it happened twice!
- The other one, by the way, was when I added `stringifyDotenv` in [v4.6.0](https://github.com/alextheman231/utility/releases/tag/v4.6.0).
