# v5.10.0 (Minor Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-start -->
**Status**: In progress
<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-end -->

<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-start -->
This is a new minor release of the `@alextheman/utility` package. It introduces new features and other backwards-compatible changes that should require little to no refactoring. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-end -->

## Description of Changes

<!-- user-editable-section-start -->
- Add a `toTitleCase` function.
    - It converts strings into a human-readable Title Case format, with the first letter of each word capitalised except for words provided in `options.preserveWords`.
    - This will be helpful for converting raw enum values into something more human-readable.
    - It is expected to be used throughout Lexicon eventually, as well as in the `alex-c-line` incident documents so we can more naturally categorise the incidents.

## Additional Notes

- Don't worry, this release should not break `alex-c-line` this time! We've learned our lesson.
- For one thing, we're not moving around entrypoints in this release - we are simply adding new functionality to the root entrypoint.
- On top of that, because we now pin dependencies exactly, `alex-c-line` will only ever use `v5.9.0` in any setup until I go and explicitly update it. This will ensure that the version of `alex-c-line` that passed our CI checks is also guaranteed to be the one that you install if you install the latest version.
- Previously we did not have that guarantee because we allowed for minor deviations in the dependencies that we bring in (thanks to the `^` pinning). Now we don't.
<!-- user-editable-section-end -->
