# v4.12.0 (Minor Release)

**Status**: Released

<!-- alex-c-line-start-release-summary -->
This is a new minor release of the `@alextheman/utility` package. It introduces new features in a backwards-compatible way and should require very little refactoring, if any. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-end-release-summary -->

## Description of Changes

- Add a `FILE_PATH_REGEX` constant, along with a `parseFilePath` parser function that uses said regex.
  - This will be useful in `alex-c-line` to allow us to validate file paths coming from the terminal.
- Deprecate the `getPublicAndPrivateKey` function
  - The issue that this function was trying to solve has since been solved in v0.8.2 of `libsodium-wrappers`, hence this function is no longer required in my utility package.

## Additional Notes

### File path rants

- Oh my God, file path conventions are so stupid!
- Like, whose idea was it to make the directory separator on Windows be `\`?!
- That just feels wrong to me because `\` to me usually represents the start of an escape sequence. Using it as the separator when URLs use `/`, most other operating systems use `/`, Posix says that `/` is the standard, like... why?!
- Oh yeah, spaces in filenames is ridiculous as well! How can you tell me that `src/functions/My Function.ts` looks normal to you? It doesn't. It really doesn't.
- Also, another fun fact, did you know that even NEW LINES are allowed in file names?!?!
- Who let all of these dumb conventions be here and conflict with each other so aggressively?!
- But I think I'll stop here for now, let's not bring GitHub Actions into the mix. We already know about ITS filesystem sins (if you don't, read release note `v4.0.3` in my GitHub Actions repository in this organisation, and you'll probably come out of it a different person.)

### libsodium

- I think the patch pretty much came around a day after my initial patch, but I'm only just now making use of it here. I know...
- In fairness, the way I initially found out about it was that CI failed when I manually run the updates two days afterwards to test, I think it was an alex-c-line feature, and at the time I didn't really feel like fixing the updates because I had just done it a few days ago and I wanted to wait for actual dependency update day.
- But now that actual dependency update day has come around, here's the fix! We can now go back to using `libsodium-wrappers` again!
