# v5.12.0 (Minor Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-start -->
**Status**: In progress
<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-end -->

<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-start -->
This is a new minor release of the `@alextheman/utility` package. It introduces new features and other backwards-compatible changes that should require little to no refactoring. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-end -->

## Description of Changes

<!-- user-editable-section-start -->
- Introduce a new `@alextheman/utility/v6` entrypoint for the two features below.
    - Some of the typing work to `DataError` are considered to be potentially breaking changes, so I decided it's best to isolate it from the current implementation to be safe.
    - Both features added to this entrypoint are expected to move over to the root entrypoint when v6 actually comes out.
- Add a `CodeError` class.
    - This is expected to be the standard error throughout my organisation.
    - It behaves similarly to the regular `Error` class (it inherits from it), but adds the following:
        - `code` - A standardised error code that we can easily assert against in tests and general error handling.
        - `check` - Check whether a given input matches the general shape of a `CodeError`, and narrow the type down if so.
        - `expectError` - A method that takes a function and extracts the thrown `CodeError` if a `CodeError` specifically was thrown, otherwise throw the error that actually occurred.
        - `expectErrorAsync` - The same as above but takes an async function.
- Add an implementation of `DataError` that inherits from `CodeError`.
    - Most of the new `CodeError` features already existed on `DataError`, so this just allows them both to share those common features, while `DataError` also comes with a data payload.
    - Note that the error code is now given as a type argument rather than only being a string. This is why this class was moved to the new entrypoint, in case this change ends up causing type errors.
    - The runtime tests do still pass, though, so it should still be safe to refactor most implementations as is.

## Additional Notes

- Ah, gotta love TypeScript, am I right?
- It can either be your best friend or your worst nightmare. On one hand, it is pretty nice being able to have the error code properly typed if we want it to be, but also on the other hand, the amount of type errors I had to get through while implementing this... it was quite a lot.
- One thing I did learn while doing this, though - apparently class methods can take `this` as an argument directly, and it acts similarly to how Python takes `self` as an argument in that it resolves to the class but you don't have to provide it as a positional argument. That is pretty interesting, I didn't know that was possible, but it is.
- In any case, from here it's probably going to be a lot of work to refactor everything to the new error pattern, but I'm sure it'll pay off!
<!-- user-editable-section-end -->
