# v5.15.0 (Minor Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-start -->
**Status**: In progress
<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-end -->

<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-start -->
This is a new minor release of the `@alextheman/utility` package. It introduces new features and other backwards-compatible changes that should require little to no refactoring. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-end -->

## Description of Changes

<!-- user-editable-section-start -->
- Remove the default `INVALID_DATA` error code of v6 `DataError`
    - This has been making the extension of `CodeError` incredibly fiddly because of the type merging logic of the provided error codes and the default one.
    - As such, given that most of my `DataError` usage always tends to specify an error code, and I feel it's good practice to provide one anyway, I have removed the default in favour of all consumers providing their own error codes everywhere. It now requires an explicit error code in all cases.
- Add an `assertNotNull` function.
    - This will error if the input is null. If it is not null, however, it will do nothing at runtime but narrow down the type of the input.
    - This is particularly helpful in cases where you may find yourself in a position where you may be fetching a resource from a database, and then fetching one of its related resources and the relation contains a not null constraint.
    - In this case, the query that gets the related resource should not be null in theory due to the not null constraint, however there is still a chance the query itself may return null as it won't have the full context of where the ID came from so it won't know to remove null from the typing.
    - To help with this, it is often helpful to do a quick assertion that the query result is not null, and then carry on from there safe in the knowledge that it cannot be null.
- Add a `checkWithCode` method to `CodeError` and by extension `DataError`.
    - This works similarly to the regular `check` method, except it also takes in an error code as the second argument.
    - If the error's code matches with the provided code, it will return true and also narrow down the input type to be the error with the error code properly typed.
    - This is cleaner and more type-safe as opposed to manually checking `error.code`.

## Additional Notes

- The first point about removing the `DataError` default error code is technically a breaking change, however it is limited to the v6 entrypoint so it is treated as a minor release.
- The refactor is relatively small anyway. I would recommend the following Regex to replace most of these: `DataError\(\{ (\w+) \}\)` -> `DataError($1, "INVALID_DATA")`
- It won't replace every single `DataError`, of course. It will not pick up on it if the arguments are split over multiple lines, for example, but I think it should cover most cases.
- Really, though, the best way to catch all of them is to run `tsc` on your project and go through the list. Covering most of them with the Regex first will help make the list shorter, though.
<!-- user-editable-section-end -->
