# v5.13.0 (Minor Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-start -->
**Status**: In progress
<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-end -->

<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-start -->
This is a new minor release of the `@alextheman/utility` package. It introduces new features and other backwards-compatible changes that should require little to no refactoring. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-end -->

## Description of Changes

<!-- user-editable-section-start -->
- Refactor to use `DataError` from the v6 entrypoint internally.
    - Most of the tests here passed first try, except for a minor-ish typing error with `packageJsonNotFoundError` where it returns a DataError and so I needed to adjust the return type to account for the type arguments.
    - While doing this, I also found that having the type argument extend `Record<PropertyKey, unknown>` doesn't allow for interfaces, for some reason, so the `DataType` type argument has therefore been changed to extend `object`.
    - I also tried this exact same refactor in `alex-c-line`, and it mostly passed there too aside from breakage due to checking `error instanceof DataError`.  
        - This won't work anymore because the v6 instance is different to the root instance
        - Direct instance checks with my error classes are discouraged against anyway.
        - The fix for this is to use `DataError.check()` instead, and that'll work with both the root `DataError` and the v6 `DataError`.

## Additional Notes

- In general, I think this refactor should be safe. There may be some small bits of refactoring to do, but it's honestly not too bad and a lot of what I came across did seem to be more obscure edge cases.
- Honestly, part of me was expecting there to be a lot more breakage, so I'm pleasantly surprised most things passed first try.
<!-- user-editable-section-end -->
