# v5.19.0 (Minor Release)

<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-start -->
**Status**: Released
<!-- alex-c-line-release-status-end -->

<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-start -->
This is a new minor release of the `@alextheman/utility` package. It introduces new features and other backwards-compatible changes that should require little to no refactoring. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-release-summary-end -->

## Description of Changes

<!-- user-editable-section-start -->
- Change the default error in `parseZodSchema` (or `az.with(schema).parse(data)`) to have a more stable error code.
  - Previously the error code was computed dynamically from the Zod error, with the error codes from there being returned as a string-list with a count next to it. For example, the error code as of now may look something like `"INVALID_TYPE×2,TOO_SMALL"`
    This defeated the purpose of the error code being a stable identifier, especially now that the error code can have a more specific type depending on the type arguments.
  - As such, the error code thrown by this function now is just `"ZOD_ERROR"`, and if you want access to the error codes, you can get them from the `issues` on the error data payload.

## Migration Notes

- Most existing usage should stay the same, however if you were asserting against the error code in the hope you'd get a Zod error, you should now change it so that you're asserting that the error code is `"ZOD_ERROR"`.
- If you need the more specific error code from Zod, check the issues from the error data afterwards too.
<!-- user-editable-section-end -->
